Dad is thin
Love Mountain returned all the medicine I gave him
What can be done?
It is said to be the first Muse doctor in the country
Personally saved him
What about me sterilizing him?
Wasn't it all discovered?
Well, you gave a tonic.
Even if they find that the medicinal properties are opposite
That's also futile
I still hope that after this Bored Mountain dies
Leave me an inheritance
Now that's nothing.
Well, so be it.
Wait for me at the birthday party
Announce in public that Bo Yushan is my niece
Didn't he try to push it no more?
It's still Dad's thoughtful
Has Xiaoye's video surveillance been repaired?
How handsome
What happened to Mommy back then?
Xiaoyu grows up quickly
Wait until you are mature enough.
Mom, can I tell you all this again?